Update what's new from WWDC 2026 w/ Fleet support + Apple IT summit (#49440)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/wwdc-2026-what-it-admins-need-to-know.md

New requirement: TLS 1.2 minimum with ATS-compliant cipher suites and certificates. If your MDM or management infrastructure falls short, things break in ways that aren't always obvious. Enrollment failures, profiles not installing, update commands silently failing.

> Apple published [support article 126655 ("Prepare your network environment for stricter security requirements")](https://support.apple.com/en-us/126655) to help you audit. Run it against your MDM and any internal management endpoints now, not in September. If you're using Fleet, you no action needed. Fleet meets the new requirements.

Author: ```suggestion
Apple published [support article 126655 ("Prepare your network environment for stricter security requirements")](https://support.apple.com/en-us/126655) to help you audit. If you're using Fleet on managed cloud, no action needed. Fleet meets the new requirements. If you're self-hosting Fleet follow [Apple's instructions](https://support.apple.com/en-us/126655) and test macOS 27 before it's released this fall. Looking for help? You can find us [where we hang out](https://fleetdm.com/support).
```

> Apple published [support article 126655 ("Prepare your network environment for stricter security requirements")](https://support.apple.com/en-us/126655) to help you audit. If you're using Fleet on managed cloud, no action needed. Fleet meets the new requirements. If you're self-hosting Fleet follow [Apple's instructions](https://support.apple.com/en-us/126655) and test macOS 27 before it's released this fall. Looking for help? You can find us [where we hang out](https://fleetdm.com/support).

Author: @ddribeiro re what customers need to do. Pointing self-hosted customers to fleetdm.com/support.

Please feel free to tweak this if you think we want to say something else.

cc @JordanMontgomery

New requirement: TLS 1.2 minimum with ATS-compliant cipher suites and certificates. If your MDM or management infrastructure falls short, things break in ways that aren't always obvious. Enrollment failures, profiles not installing, update commands silently failing.

> Apple published [support article 126655 ("Prepare your network environment for stricter security requirements")](https://support.apple.com/en-us/126655) to help you audit. Run it against your MDM and any internal management endpoints now, not in September. If you're using Fleet, you no action needed. Fleet meets the new requirements.

Author: @JordanMontgomery is this right?

Reviewer: Not quite. There's nothing needed for cloud hosted customers however self hosted customers could still need to make changes

Author: What's the change? Do we have that documented somewhere?

Author: @JordanMontgomery ^

Reviewer: That's complicated. It entirely depends on the customer's setup. It's most likely how their load balancer, reverse proxy or possibly certificates are configured but it's impossible to really list what possible changes a customer would have to make since we have self-hosting customers hosting it in so many different ways. Best thing they can do is run the diagnostics commands Apple has listed or test with macOS 27 ahead of release

Author: Addressed here: https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/pull/49440#discussion_r3639280995

**Content caching (macOS 27):** The `com.apple.configuration.content-cache.settings` configuration replaces the `com.apple.AssetCache.managed` profile. New status items for cache info, parents, and peers. Custom HTTPS reporting endpoints are supported. If you run content caches, plan the migration.

> **Configuration profiles as declarative assets:** Legacy profiles can be delivered as declarative assets via the new `ProfileAssetReference` key in `com.apple.configuration.legacy`. Integrity verification is built in. This is a useful bridge for teams partway through the DDM transition.

Author: FYI @kitzy I think we want to remove this because at the Apple IT summit in Cupertino we learned that the `com.apple.configuration.legacy` declaration is buggy. Some vendors mentioned they regret implementing it because it's not working as expected.

cc @JordanMontgomery @MagnusHJensen @melpike

Reviewer 2: I'm good w/ removing it.

If you're building your OS 27 response plan:

1. Verify your MDM vendor's DDM software update support. This is the fire drill. Do it today. If you use Fleet, you're already set.
2. Audit TLS/ATS compliance across your MDM and management infrastructure using Apple's support article 126655. If you use Fleet, you're already set.

> 3. Migrate Intelligence, Siri, and keyboard restrictions to the new declarative configurations. Fleet already supports all declarations that are replacing deprecated v1 profiles (.mobileconfig). Assets and user-scoped declarations are [coming in Fleet 4.90](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/issues/38986). Custom activations are [coming in Fleet 4.91.0](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/issues/48222).

Author: > Fleet already supports all declarations that are replacing deprecated v1 profiles (.mobileconfig)

@MagnusHJensen is this true today? (pre 4.90)

Do I have to turn on the feature flag? (mdm.allow​_all​_declarations)

Reviewer 3: No, you wouldn't need the flag, for the deprecated profiles in macOS 27, we do support their DDM version, even without Asset support and the smaller forbidden decl. list.

If you're building your OS 27 response plan:

1. Verify your MDM vendor's DDM software update support. This is the fire drill. Do it today. If you use Fleet, you're already set.
2. Audit TLS/ATS compliance across your MDM and management infrastructure using Apple's support article 126655. If you use Fleet, you're already set.

> 3. Migrate Intelligence, Siri, and keyboard restrictions to the new declarative configurations. Fleet already supports all declarations that are replacing depracated v1 profiles (.mobileconfig). Assets and user-scoped declarations are [coming in Fleet 4.90](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/issues/38986).

Author: ```suggestion
3. Migrate Intelligence, Siri, and keyboard restrictions to the new declarative configurations. Fleet already supports all declarations that are replacing deprecated v1 profiles (.mobileconfig). Assets and user-scoped declarations are [coming in Fleet 4.90](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/issues/38986).
```
